#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   twilio
aiohttp-retry==2.9.1
    # via twilio
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   zarinpal
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   daphne
    #   django
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==24.4.2
    # via daphne
automat==25.4.16
    # via twisted
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3==1.40.10
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.40.11
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.3.0
    # via pip-tools
celery==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-results
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   requests
    #   zarinpal
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
channels==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   zarinpal
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
constantly==23.10.4
    # via twisted
coverage==7.10.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
    #   social-auth-core
daphne==4.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
diff-match-patch==20241021
    # via django-import-export
dj-database-url==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django==5.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-redis
    #   django-select2
    #   django-silk
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-sslserver-v2
    #   django-storages
    #   django-tempus-dominus
    #   django-unfold
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   djoser
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via django-select2
django-axes==8.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-results==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-guardian==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==4.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-phonenumber-field==8.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ratelimit==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-select2==8.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-silk==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-history==3.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sslserver-v2==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tempus-dominus==5.1.2.17
    # via -r requirements.in
django-unfold==0.64.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   djoser
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.5.1
    # via djoser
djoser==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-nested-routers==0.94.2
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fakeredis==2.30.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flake8==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gprof2dot==2025.4.14
    # via django-silk
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
    #   yarl
    #   zarinpal
incremental==24.7.2
    # via twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.25.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.5.4
    # via celery
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   gunicorn
    #   kombu
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
phonenumbers==9.0.12
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==7.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via black
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via click-repl
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via service-identity
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.5.0
    # via zarinpal
pydantic-core==2.14.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   zarinpal
pyflakes==3.4.0
    # via flake8
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
    #   twilio
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via drf-spectacular
redis==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-redis
    #   fakeredis
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
    #   twilio
    #   zarinpal
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via social-auth-core
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via boto3
service-identity==24.2.0
    # via twisted
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smsir-python==1.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-app-django==5.5.1
    # via djoser
social-auth-core==4.7.0
    # via social-auth-app-django
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via fakeredis
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-silk
tablib==3.8.0
    # via django-import-export
twilio==9.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
twisted[tls]==25.5.0
    # via daphne
txaio==25.6.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   twisted
    #   zarinpal
tzdata==2025.2
    # via kombu
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   zarinpal
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zarinpal==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zope-interface==7.2
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
